Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Boston, Massachusetts, 1972
Our Father, who art in heaven.
Hallowed be thy name.
Thy kingdom come.
Translation:
www.primetext.tv
Drop the knife!
- Hello.
- Hey there!
- Oh god.
- How are you?
- Well, and what about you?
- Super. You look amazing.
- How is the grandmother?
- All right, all things considered.
She has received its first
chemo, but seemed in good spirits.
- It's probably good? It looks bright.
- Yes.
Let me take your suitcase.
You do not have much luggage.
We have so much to talk about.
Your carriage awaits!
- Tell you how it is.
- What?
- The new place.
- Of course, yes.
It is much larger
and better than the old place.
We've got moved all things,
but they are still packed.
We will not come into place,
before school begins.
But now when you are here,
yesterday it might anyway.
- Okay, so there we are.
- It is so exciting.
- I like it.
- Can you? Yes. Yes.
What is it?
Damn. They are here.
- Okay, here it is.
- It is so fine.
- Exit through the window.
- What?
You heard what I said.
- It is so much better.
- Yes, and you know what the best is?
- We pay the same rent.
- That's a lie.
- Have I done well?
- You have done well.
- Hey, Alex.
- Bree.
- How are you?
- I'm fine.
- How is the grandmother?
- Good. She's better.
- Hello.
- Hey, Jess.
It was a long time ago.
- Welcome back, sweetie.
- Brian!
- How sweet.
- That's it.
- I'll show you the rest of the house. Come on.
- Carry cases up to be a good boyfriend.
- You bully already with me.
- What is this?
- Nothing.
- Okay.
And last, but not least:
This is your bedroom.
What do you think?
I thought you'd like it
like this, but you can move the furniture.
- Or you can hop in bed.
- I love it.
I could have chosen the room, but I
is the buffer between you and miss cumbersome.
It's like I do not like her.
I can. She does not like me.
How is she just.
Do not worry about it.
She wanted this room, but
she thought it was too scary.
She did not even know what a ceiling
was. "I will not sleep in the attic."
- Not the sharpest knife in the drawer.
- With large breasts means nothing.
Did you take your grandmother with?
It weighs a ton.
Sorry, I did not ...
This is really embarrassing.
I leave you in peace.
I have much to be obtained.
- Jess?
- Yes?
- Thanks for everything. I appreciate it.
- It's okay.
I almost forgot one thing. We are a
bunch to be out and partying tomorrow.
- Are you in?
- Yes.
Listen ... Sorry. I ...
I do not know what I was thinking
when I said it.
- It's okay.
- How is she?
She's pretty cool.
I think she'll make it.
Listen ... Thanks for everything.
I know it's been hard.
I never thought that I would be away
throughout the summer. I'll make it again.
Okay.
- I love you.
- I love you too.
- Come on, slut. We shall dance.
- No, I have a girlfriend.
Are you kidding? It does not matter? If
you drink like me, you remember nothing.
- You need to get laid.
- Do not be so squeamish.
- You must have some vodka.
- Saved by the bell.
Then there are more men for me.
Hi there.
Something has come up.
My father needed my help tomorrow
early, so I have to go home and sleep.
- No, do not go.
- Sorry. He's my father.
- Will not you be?
- I have to go.
Keep the skin.
- Where is Brian?
- He had to help his father.
Perfect.
Now you have no excuses.
- This place sucks.
- No, well do not.
There are men, booze and music.
What more do you need?
- I'm leaving.
- Okay. See you at home.
- Where is she going?
- Who knows? Dance with me.
- He was so pounding delicious.
- He was probably right.
Okay?
He may well take my dress off me.
Okay, okay. You're not my friend
if you do not think he's hot.
- Slow down drunk.
- Oh god. How it should be.
- No, we're going home.
- It is fate.
No, no, no.
"Do not you predicted, little girl?"
- No.
- It'll be fun. Come on.
- It'll be fun.
- What do I not your fault.
- Hello!
- Jess.
Are there any?
Good grief. Look at this.
What the hell is that?
- I mean it, Jess.
- It's a monkey with a hat.
Hello. We call him William.
We go home, Jess. Concentrate.
- You look beautiful tonight.
- Thank you. Be quiet. We go now.
- Good grief. What the hell is this?
- Jess.
- No, look.
- Jessica.
- Oh god, it's true.
- Can we go now?
It may not be a real baby.
It looks like a murder. We should call ...
Can I help you?
Yes.
- Yes.
- Should not you know what we want?
You're psychic.
We would like predicted.
- We would like predicted.
- She's a little ...
You are so cute in your sigøjnertøj.
You're a gypsy hippie.
You are a shippie!
I'm really sorry.
Come on. Calm, quiet.
Do you have cash?
Here you go. It is for her.
I pay for her -
- As if I were her
man or bitch.
- Come on, ladies.
- I'm hungry. I take a bean.
Can not ...
Wait for me.
Hallo.
- Where's Whoopi?
- Sit down.
Give me your hand.
No. Give me your hand.
- Aries.
- How the hell did you know?
How could she know?
You are worried.
You are worried about a ...
What kind of cancer is it?
Breast cancer.
I see something. Wait.
There is no here.
What? Where?
What the hell was that?
Who is Maggie?
It's my mother.
I am sorry that she has passed away.
Do you think that you can see her?
She's worried about you.
She is scared on your behalf.
What are you talking about?
Wait.
There is someone with her.
I can not see them clearly.
They hide for me.
- Who are you?
- I will not continue.
- Show yourself to me.
- Stop it!
- I do not want more.
- I command you to show you!
Oh god.
- Hey, dormouse.
- Why did you wake me?
I tried.
You were almost in a coma.
- Do you have any aspirin?
- They stand on the table.
No, look in the cupboard over you.
My head feels like
that it has been driven over.
You made me wild afraid yesterday
with your little scene.
Scene? What do you think?
What do you mean by that?
Are you kidding me?
Can not remember the fortune teller?
On the way home we visited a fortune teller.
At the snack bar that you like.
- Do not you remember that we were there?
- No. Why would we do that?
Because we had drunk too much.
I thought you were dying.
Why can not I remember?
I can only remember that we went home.
I do not know
why you do not remember it.
- It's probably just as well.
- What do you mean?
I do not know.
It was really strange.
- How?
- We were there both and you began.
I can not remember. She said,
that there was someone who wanted to talk to you.
So freaking her out,
and then freak you out.
We were so full yesterday.
She got it,
she was looking for - our money.
Why can not I remember?
Was there anyone who gave me a drink?
- Not that I know of.
- Maybe someone drugged me.
Do not worry about it. You feel good,
I feel good and she has $ 60.
We just got too much to drink.
Now when we talk about it,
I will drink too much tonight.
Are you with if I plan something?
Alex?
- Are you in?
- Slapper I never of
No, not on our last day of freedom.
You have to do something.
I'm planning something
and then you can give the message later.
The way I have it,
I think I players fold.
Is it hard to think?
I must have washed. I have not
more panties. Should I wash for you?
- No, you do not need.
- Okay.
Bree?
Hello?
Jess?
Crusoe has been on the island
in less than a week.
There are running out of food,
and it looks bad with drinking water -
- But the worst thing is the loneliness,
beginning to grow inside him.
The isolation he feels
begins to be expressed.
This happens before he meets Friday.
In history's context -
- What is it in
the protagonist's consciousness -
- Which manifests itself in his everyday life.
He is all alone -
- And he does not know how long his
tropical vacation is going to last.
Come on!
This is classic literature.
Come on. I know that it
is the first day. Someone?
Are you okay?
- Hello?
- Yes.
I'm fine.
I should be able to it here
at the end of the semester.
So I want
that all concentrate on the material.
- Hey, biatch.
- Hello.
How are you?
- I'm completely finished.
- Why?
It was me who was in town yesterday,
which I regretted this morning.
Jess.
Have you experienced any
weird around the house?
- Yes, we pay the same rent as before.
- It was not what I meant.
Have you heard strange noises?
No, the only strange noises,
is when Bree has a boyfriend to visit.
- I mean it.
- Sorry.
- No, I think not. Why?
- It's like ...
Occasionally I hear scratching noises
Interior walls.
- What kind of scratching sound?
- Just scratching sounds.
- Okay.
- Yes.
And what more?
You know well that feeling of,
that one is in a room -
- And it feels like,
anyone looking at one.
- It felt like that.
- Was it yesterday?
- Yes.
- You were alone in a new house.
- We have probably mice
- Mouse?
Yes. Scratching noises. It is an old house.
There is probably a mouse or two.
- Should it make me feel better?
- I buy a few traps and fix it.
- Maybe it's a big fat rat.
- It's not funny.
You are not kidding.
Jess?
Is this you?
It is not sateme Mice.
What are you doing?
Nothing.
- Did you hear something scratching just before?
- Scratching? No.
Forget it.
Have a good night, Alex.
Hello.
Do you live here in the neighborhood?
Are you too shy to say anything?
He is out to get you.
Do you want a ride?
Are you okay?
I'm sorry,
but I saw that is no small girl.
- I mean it.
- Okay. Relax.
It's a little hard to believe,
what you say.
Let's look at the drawings.
I believed that I did everything
to get rid of homework.
It's just something squiggle.
Someone shitting you.
It's not the only one.
I see and hear things that are not there.
You are under a lot of pressure at the moment.
There is everything there with your grandmother.
- The school starts and you live somewhere new.
- Maybe there is something wrong with me.
There's nothing wrong with you.
I can look past tomorrow. I
can stay over and we can enjoy a little.
- We can watch a movie?
- Why not tonight?
I can not tonight.
I need to move a
lot of things for my father.
What do you say? Tomorrow night?
- Why do it?
- When you talk about the sun ...
My dad can not wait for
I come home.
Come, let us go home to you.
Alex?
Hell, Alex.
- Jess. Jess!
- What?
Wake up and remove your strange friend
from my room.
- What are you talking about?
- Come on. She scares me.
Okay.
- Come on.
- Yes.
I would swear that she was just here
before and she was really creepy.
Take it easy. Can not help but
to be such a drama queen?
Bitch.
Alex? Are you here?
Hello.
What are you doing?
Alex?
Are you okay?
Do not touch her!
- How did he look? Was he cute?
- Of course. Otherwise it is a no-go.
- Good morning.
- Good morning, freak.
What's wrong with her?
- Can you really do not remember anything?
- What?
- You must have been sleepwalking.
- What are you talking about?
Bree said you stood
stared at her two o'clock in the night.
- What?
- Yes.
I went into your room
and then you stand and stare out the window.
When I tried to help you
you went crazy.
What is going on?
I do not know.
Demons
Obsessed with demons
Warning Signs of obsession
Personality Change
Changed sleeping habits
Hear Voices
Bruises and scratches
The person may appear catatonic
Amnesia
Sexual assault
Exorcism
Next
Her condition was due
that she had been possessed by demons.
More demons. Exorcism.
Her death.
What is going on?
Alexandra! Alexandra.
Hello. How are you?
Are you okay?
Do you have time for a chat?
I do not usually do
something here -
- But Jessica is one of my best
students, so I could not say no.
Let me get straight to the point.
Jess told me about the situation.
She's worried about you.
- Okay.
- Do not worry.
I promised to talk to you, but if
you will not, I will not push you.
I hardly dare ask
but what has she told?
She's worried about you.
More should have the kind of friends.
- Want to talk about it?
- Should I say how I feel?
- As if I'm going insane.
- Wait a minute. Jess just said ...
... That you are under a lot of pressure with
thought of everything that happens in your life.
When you think about what she has
told, it is fully understandable.
You know what? I will not
push you to talk to me.
I can recommend some help -
- But if you want to confide in me,
I'm here in the afternoon.
You are always welcome.
Does that sound right?
Yes.
Sometimes you just
need someone who listens.
Thank you.
- Hey, baby.
- Hello.
- You need to come over here right now.
- What is it? Where?
- Come home to me as soon as you can.
- Okay, okay.
- I'll be there in an hour.
- I'm on my way there now.
What would the mad virgin?
How can you stand it? I've been
together for two years and you will have no sex.
- Will you shut up?
- You know I'm right.
- That's it.
- If she is so perfect ...
... Then you would probably not fuck me.
- Bree.
I progressed.
When I sleep, I can feel it -
- That it touches me and breathe on me.
You might have one of those dreams,
where you think you are awake.
Do you? Did the dream this?
What happened? Come here.
- If it happened while you were sleeping?
- Yes, while I slept.
- It is also on my thighs.
- You should take a look at it.
- Or go to the doctor.
- Why?
So your doctor may consider me
as my boyfriend does.
Sorry.
I'm sorry, but it is difficult
to believe in what you say.
Sit down.
It feels like
I'm going insane.
You are not going crazy.
Okay?
- Why did you do it?
- What?
The bed.
Is that how you say no?
Finder on case histories?
- Hurting yourself?
- What?
I mean ...
Should we never have sex?
Two years is not long enough?
Hell, Alex!
I've been more than patient!
How long, Alex? How long?
A year?
Two years?
This is not fair.
You're acting like an asshole.
No. What you're doing to me is not fair.
You know what? To the poor,
Once you know what the hell you want.
Brian?
Stop it!
Oh god ...
Are you all right, Alex?
What happened?
What is it?
Say something, Alex.
What is it? Come on, Alex.
Come on.
- Make it stop.
- What?
You'll have to say it,
otherwise I can not help you.
- What should quit?
- Will not you.
- Make it stop.
- After all, you're cold.
It's okay.
You'll have to talk to me.
I'll put you right in the bath. Okay?
What the hell?
Who the hell did this?
Good grief.
Alex?
- We are now taking to the hospital.
- No. No!
- Not the hospital!
- Okay, okay.
Okay, relax now.
I'm not taking you to the hospital.
Okay, we're not in the hospital.
You'll ...
Alex, you're gonna be okay.
I will not hurt you.
We just have to get washed up.
Come on, Alex.
You'll have to trust me.
Come on. We put you in the bathtub.
That's it.
Okay, come on. Give me your hands.
Alex. Give me your hands.
I will not hurt you.
Give me your hand.
Okay. Come on.
Now we put you to bed.
Up to the legs.
That's it.
Now you sleep.
Will you stay with me?
Yes. I will,
until you fall asleep.
There are busy.
Hello?
Fuck.
For crying out loud.
You scared the shit out of me.
What are you looking at?
Is it cool to fuck her guy?
What the hell are you talking about?
- Whore.
- Let me go to hell!
Alex?
Alex!
It's okay. Quiet.
You're okay.
Stop that.
It'll be fine.
The house is occupied.
What do you think? Am I ...
All was well until two weeks ago.
She went to school and everything was good.
Then she moves into the house
and becomes insane.
This is not normal. It is the
Each page of the book.
- How do you explain this?
- Does she sleep well?
No. She sleeps with me,
she dare not sleep in his own bed.
I live in the same house.
Should I just put up with this?
- Stay calm compared to her.
- She has scratches on the body.
- Will not you talk to her?
- I'll talk to her.
Hello. Not you just come in?
If you want me to help
you, you must talk to me.
- You would think that I'm insane.
- Jessica has already told little.
It feels like
I'm going insane.
It's stuff that I do not understand.
I can not eat. I can not sleep.
I hear and see things that a
normal person can not hear and see.
I am not here to judge you.
I am here to help you.
Do you believe in evil?
Something happens and this
time, I know that it's true.
- What is happening?
- Stop that bullshit!
You have talked with Jessica.
I know you know what I think.
You say that you do not judge me
but you're lying!
- I'm not crazy.
- There is no claiming.
Is this crazy? Or this?
How did this happen?
- Do you think I have done it?
- There's no saying.
Okay? Your mouth says something -
- But your eyes say something completely different.
- You'll have to say it out loud.
- What?
What you think is happening to you!
Sorry. Sit down, Alex.
Alex.
What happened yesterday?
There is something that takes hold of me.
And the worst thing is ...
... I can not see it,
but I can feel it.
And I know it will hurt me.
Alex. There is no demons.
Not? Three days ago
I would have ...
You know what? Forget it.
- Thanks for nothing.
- Alex!
- What the hell have you done to me?
- You will have to go.
Fucking bitch.
Shut up and listen! You must
stop what you've done to me!
I can not.
If it took you,
he will not get taken.
What does it mean? What will it me?
It has many names.
It does not matter what it wants,
it just takes it.
Why did it myself?
The need to use a surrogate mother
for the child to be born.
A surrogate mother is pure as you.
Wait a minute. What child?
A child in a short time
will grow inside you.
It has chosen you. I'm sorry,
but there is nothing I can do.
But what about me?
Can I do anything?
What? Tell me what to do!
Will not you.
You can die.
- Commit Suicide?
- It will grow inside you ...
... The world has not seen
for thousands of years.
- Father.
- What caused the credit?
Do we need to start like this?
A phone call now and then
would be nice.
- How are you?
- There is growing hair, which should not.
It disappears when it should grow.
Apart from that it goes well.
Sit. You make me nervous.
What is it about?
I'm here because I think
that you can help me with something.
There is a girl at school.
A friend of a friend.
She has it hard.
I have talked to her a few times,
and it just gets worse and worse.
What's wrong with her?
That she and I think that is the problem,
are two very different things.
I thought,
if you wanted to talk to her.
- Why should I talk to her?
- Yes, she ...
She believes that ...
She believes that she somehow
way have been filled.
- I thought that with your ...
- No.
No. I am not involved
in this sort of nonsense anymore.
She has a serious mental problem
I can not process -
- Before she comes to mind.
If it came from you ...
You messing with things
that you should not mess with.
So help me.
I put it behind me long ago.
I do not want to return to it.
I let this lie here.
Take care of yourself, Dad.
- What are you doing?
- Brian!
Quiet. I came to apologize.
- You did not answer the phone.
- It's okay. I do not care.
- What are you doing?
- Make love to me.
Leave me alone!
- We must leave now. Now! Run!
- What the hell was that?
Alex?
Help me.
Hello?
Is there anybody home?
Good grief.
Alex?
Bree?
Are you there?
Alex?
Oh god.
Alex. Alex.
Who has done this?
Maybe she'll talk to me.
I'll see what I can do.
- Hello.
- She does not say much.
I have dealt with the infected wound -
- But what worries me most
is how she has been damage.
Do you think
that it might be her boyfriend?
Brian? I do not know.
- I do not know what to believe.
- Could she have done it by himself?
No. Absolutely not.
The police must get his girlfriend,
and then we will see what he has to say.
We can not do so much,
if she will not cooperate.
The best part is probably that you take her
home and keep an eye on her.
I am printing her
so you can take her home.
Thank you.
It just does not happen.
- Hello.
- Hello. What happened? Is she okay?
Yes, do not worry about it.
If you hear from Brian,
please let me know.
- And cast him into the house.
- What happened?
Do not you just do as I say?
We go upstairs. Come on.
Good grief.
Now we give you clothes.
That stupid bitch.
Reply however.
What the hell are you doing?
- Do you have anything you want to tell me?
- No. Why?
Bree, your ...
It's just not done.
- How long have you fucked him?
- Fuck off.
- I have no idea what you're talking about.
- I've looked at his phone.
- I know how often you call him.
- None of your business.
It's my best friend's guy
you fucks! I do not care!
How did you get on his phone?
He lost it when he raped Alex.
- What?
- You heard what I said.
As I said:
If you see him or hear from him,
please tell me. Understood?
Yes.
We are finished later.
Can I sleep in your room at night?
Yes, of course, do it.
Good night.
Alex?
Not a sound, Bree.
We have to get out of the house.
- Do not sleep now. Up you go!
- Come on.
- Can I get dressed?
- No, do not!
What's going on?
- What ...
- Shut up!
Come on.
- I need my mobile.
- No.
- Do not use your mobile!
- Yes.
- Alex.
- Alex does not live here, you pussy.
Help! Someone!
Wait. Stop.
- She killed her. She is in the house.
- It'll be fine.
- You're not listening.
- You must stay here.
- Come with me!
- Do not go back.
Stay here.
It'll be fine. Come on.
- It'll be fine.
- I could not save her.
Come on.
- We go to the car.
- She killed her.
- You must come with.
- No, you have to put you in the car.
I take care of you. Come on.
Come on. Sit in the car. Okay.
It'll be fine.
Whatever happens,
you must stay in the car.
It has long been a priest.
Are you alone this time,
your pathetic shit?
- He's with me.
- Fuck you and fuck him.
God, by your name save me
and my work. Hear my prayer.
- You and your pathetic book.
- Lord.
Stick it up your ass,
before I do it for you.
Let her find a castle in You, Lord.
- Go to hell.
- Let not the enemy prevail against her.
- Like what you see?
- Hear my prayer.
- Hear my call.
- If you are cute, you get a little.
In Jesus and the Virgin Mary Name
I command you.
In Father and son
and the Holy Spirit. Amen.
Your pig!
Get out. Profile.
So help me God. I will not commit
the same mistake this time.
Oh god.
Whore
In the name of the Lord ...
... I command you to show you!
- Be careful what you wish for.
- Oh god.
God, protect me from this ...
- You speak my language.
- With Your name save me, God.
- With Your Name protect my case.
- God is dead.
- Let her find a castle in You.
- Shut up.
Do not let her enemies
gain power over her.
Hear my prayer, O Lord!
In Jesus Christ's name,
leave this child!
It's too late, cocksucker!
He already lives in her.
- In Jesus and the Virgin Mary name ...
- Get out.
... I command you.
In the Father's name.
The son and the Holy Spirit.
I would let you make love to her.
We summon our guardian angel.
- Save us from all sin, O Lord.
- Maybe she ends up as the previous one.
Why did not you tell me
father Madison. Why?
Why did not you see her, you bastard?
Save us from Your wrath, O Lord.
Save us from the devil's snares.
Do the Father and of the Son and
Holy Spirit's blessings -
- Get over yourselves
and follow you forever.
Pray for us, holy Mother of God.
We pray that you will hear us,
forgive us and save us.
You can not save it here.
I did not come to save her.
Father.
What the hell is going on?
- Do not let him hurt me.
- Alex? -What the hell?
- Get him away.
- Father. Good grief.
Good heavens, no. Father.
It's over, priest.
Father, take this darkness.
Tie this monster and keep it real.
Throw out the evil and protect her.
He command you,
release this individual free.
Banish evil.
- Where is it?
- It will not be gone for long.
It is still here.
- It will back into you.
- No!
Good grief.
No. No, Alex!
Damn!
Oh, God, no.
You're doing. You're doing.
What have you done?
Why are you just there?
Get help. Oh god.
We're not going anywhere.
9 Months later
- That's exactly what we want.
- I think Kyle. I do not know.
- What do you think? I mean it.
- I know.
I just spoke with them. Everything is
in place. Do you have any questions?
I ... We are so happy,
that it was a boy.
We have come so many names.
But I do have a question.
Can you talk a little about the child's mother?
Why would she be adopt him?
The boy's mother was involved in a
car accident after she was pregnant.
Oh god. Is she okay?
It's okay. Do not be
worried. The child is fine.
You have nothing to worry for.
He is a fresh boy -
- And he's lucky that he gets so
loving parents like you.
And what about the father?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org